Survey Project : Report

During the last few weeks, we have made a survey about download phenomenon. Indeed nowadays, our society is passing through an internet crisis. One of the most significant  example, is the recent closure of the most famous download platform : MegaUpload. This controversial measure taken by the American government show how important download 

In this context, we wanted to learn how people see the download's evolution and how much important it is for them. However, make a classical survey (ask people question in the street) was not the solution here. In fact, people could have been frightened of telling the true about awkward questions. So we have thought that an online questionnaire might been a good way to have a large number of fair answers.

The main goal of this survey is to now if the big cliche of the common downloader is actually right : a rebel teenage who download music and video games. If not, who are those downloader, why do they download, and what are their opinion of the vain attempt of download law ?

From the outset, the first graph answer no to the first previous question. Indeed, we learn that people between  30 ou 45 years old are the ones who download most often. Of course, they are juste followed by the youngest. People older than 50 years, as we could presumed, come in last postion and a third of them never dowload.
 
Our second graph is a bar chart which illustrates how men and women download. The results show that there no differences between men and women. Indeed both of them download (only 10% tell that they don't) legally and illegally. Nevertheless, ours hypothesis about the type of download is confirmed. Almost 80% of people download illegally. Even if people use the legal way, it is only 20% of those are questioned.  

According our third graph, movies are the main target of downloaders (90% of them), just followed by music with with 78%. These resluts show that there are no categories among downloader since movies and music are products for every age. Contrary to games, software or ebooks that are more specifics and allow to define a profile. 

By this ways, the fourth graph confirm that downloaders have the sames demands that normal customer : price and access to the product. These two key points which made the success of supermarket, are responsible of the dowload's sucess too.

The next graph is a bart chart wich clearly identify people's opinion about actual download's laws. About 55% of them think that they are useless. Moreover, the second score 29% is the percentage of people who are not aware of it. 

